---
title: Perforation in learning
draft: false
tags:
---
 


The notion is people build their ideas on predetermined chain of thoughts whatever small it might be. Maybe the way they see the world is different but there is some quantity of familiarity that every individual finds when he begins to think or lives in the world. The individual copies the mechanisms on doing certain things: washing hands, flushing, buying daily necessities, etc. --something that is common patterns of functioning person. They learn from something minuscule and build it onto complex web. From learning whatever there is that they perceive, they first get used on them and after enough observation they begin to infuse their identity or rather uniqueness going onward. Now comes the choice, choices that is unique to the individual like what brand of tissue to buy, their favorite food, hand-wash they like and other similar things. First learning the common case scenarios, then referencing them and adding your touch to it i.e, search of identity. And finally keeping on doing that to find a breakthrough--emotionally that would be satisfaction. But the breakthrough or the threshold level may come in many state. There are many things that has affected this pattern on conscious species; difference is that we humans can learn complex things and our established chain of knowledge is already vast and other species not much and not passable to descendants like we as a civilization do. And difference within our species among the great learners and learners is just that great learners only come to derivation/conclusion of their uniqueness only after consuming/referencing vaster quantity of that chain of knowledge(could be after longer time or faster interpretations). 

It applies for almost anyone(there could be Goldie-child individuals who can just catch things from the air or just by watching once). The breakthrough or threshold state in learning anything new-any skills, instrument, line of thought, philosophy or programming(different languages or working on different systems) is different of different people but the spectrum remains same. This concept isn't new and may go far back to the hunter-forager era where we just learned to survive on the wild, when we were on genesis of our superiority on this planet. Different individuals have different ways of thinking and many processes of understanding things. But people who come from different upbringings and background come to same conclusions or make similar decisions when put forth in a similar situations/environment. The mind is beautiful because of the paradox. It uses itself to understand itself.

This thought came to me while i was watching a video on redux-react toolkit wondering just how the creator of the video knows this much and me being new to this, have such gap in knowledge. I felt i was onto something but also just out of my grasp at the moment i was writing this. Hopefully i'll catch onto it later on following a different chain of thought.